{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red45\green5\blue21;\red38\green38\blue38;\red67\green10\blue31;
\red24\green72\blue164;\red110\green5\blue0;}
\vieww9600\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 FizzyCalc\cf0  
\b0 is an utility that takes coordinate strings in a variety of formats and generates copy-and-paste versions of those coordinates in a variety of other formats.   It also does high-accuracy distance calculations and projections using the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Vincenty%27s_formulae"}}{\fldrslt Vincenty Method}} for calculating distances on an ellipsoid, which are much more accurate than you can obtain from your GPS.  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf3 Mactintosh is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf0 \
Engineering:
\b0 \
	FizzyCalc for the Macintosh is Copyright (c) 2011 by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.jimcarson.com/"}}{\fldrslt James Carson}} (Geocaching.com: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.geocaching.com/profile/?guid=f9f906b1-a693-4f34-bf82-35d3663e8f04"}}{\fldrslt jim_carson}}).  It is based on\cf4  \cf0 work Copyright (c) 2003 by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.fizzymagic.net/"}}{\fldrslt David Knapp}} (Geocaching.com: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.geocaching.com/profile/?guid=5275e5e9-9c23-4918-ac00-5b8130e257b9"}}{\fldrslt FizzyMagic}}) and used with permission.  The Windows runtime is available {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.fizzymagic.net/Geocaching/FizzyCalc"}}{\fldrslt here}} ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.fizzymagic.net/Geocaching/FizzyCalc/Source/FizzyCalc.zip"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26 \cf5 \ul \ulc5 source}})\
\

\b Bugs and suggestions:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 	
\b0 \cf6 Please send suggestions and bug reports (ideally, with steps on how to reproduce) to me at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:jim.carson@gmail.com?Subject=MacFizzyCalc"}}{\fldrslt jim.carson@gmail.com}}.  \cf0 Please let me know if you would like to see this ported to the iPhone/iPad.\cf6 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs20 \cf0 Version 2.2.2 update - Two programming (not calculation) bugs fixed:\
1. If no distance value is entered in projection, you end up with NAN.\
2. If you entered a bogus value in the combobox for the WAAS satellite, it would crash/hang.\
**  Both were related: I wasn't checking the return value properly.  Now, it snaps to the default unit (meters) or satellite.\
  \
3. The out of the box default distance was increased from 1.5 to 75.5 meters so the calculation is more interesting.
\f1\fs22 \CocoaLigature0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\f3 \cf0 This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html"}}{\fldrslt version 3 of the License}}, or (at your option) any later version.\
 \
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.\
\
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 Special shout out to FrodoB, PhilNi, pcakes and Muddy Teapot!}